Congratulations you have activated the protocol training in your body.
Inside is my $100,000 pharmacy.
And nine thousand true dharmas.
Hope you can understand 10
Who is talking?
Emperor Di is the ancestor of your Truong family.
Future generations must destroy the living disc once again.
To activate real evil
Bloodline cannot break the enemy.
Van Kha Phuc Vu
After being loyal to the nine great ministers, one can still return with ups and downs.
Now I will return the heart dharma and the remaining authentic works.
no time for you
Midnight Bell
So I'm dead.
YES.
HAS.
Because my Truong Huc Dong is not dead yet
So after signing, he must pay me back ten times.
Miss, the red man was about to die to save.
Waste of resources.
Shut up.
The brat said I didn't understand anything.
No wonder your brain is not well developed.
Dare to call me Aunt Yong
Chances are, you saved his life.
I kneel before you like a dog barking.
Okay, so you wait.